ROX-19799: Update docs for VM2.0 (#78059)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/snooze-cves.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * operating/manage-vulnerabilities/vulnerability-management-dashboard.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="snooze-cves_{context}"]
= Snoozing CVEs by using the dashboard

[role="_abstract"]
Use the *Vulnerability Management* -> *Dashboard* view to snooze node and platform CVEs that do not relate to your infrastructure. You can snooze CVEs for a day, a week, two weeks, a month, or indefinitely (until you unsnooze).

[NOTE]
====
The ability to snooze a CVE is not enabled by default in the web portal or in the API. You must enable the ability to snooze CVEs by setting the runtime environment variable `ROX_VULN_MGMT_LEGACY_SNOOZE` to `true`.
====

.Procedure

> . From the *Vulnerability Management* view header, select *CVEs*.

Author: dashboard - to be deprecated

> . You can select the checkboxes for one or more CVEs, and then select *Snooze CVE* (*`bell`* icon) or move the mouse over a CVE in the list and select the *Bell* icon.

Author: This functionality no longer exists - removed module

= Snoozing CVEs

[role="_abstract"]

> Use the *Vulnerability Management* -> *Dashboard* view to snooze CVEs that do not relate to your infrastructure. You can snooze CVEs for a day, a week, two weeks, a month, or indefinitely (until you unsnooze).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the *Vulnerability Management* -> *Node CVEs* or *Vulnerability Management* -> *Platform CVEs* view to snooze CVEs that do not relate to your infrastructure. You can snooze CVEs for a day, a week, two weeks, a month, or indefinitely (until you unsnooze).
```

//snoozing CVEs is the same as deferring? If so, need to add instructions for deferring using VM -> Workload CVEs.

[NOTE]
====
The ability to snooze a CVE is not enabled by default in the web portal or in the API. You must enable the ability to snooze CVEs by setting the runtime environment variable `ROX_VULN_MGMT_LEGACY_SNOOZE` to `true`.
====

.Procedure

. From the *Vulnerability Management* view header, select *CVEs*.

> . You can select the checkboxes for one or more CVEs, and then select *Snooze CVE* (*`bell`* icon) or move the mouse over a CVE in the list and select the *Bell* icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. You can select the checkboxes for one or more CVEs, and then select *Snooze CVE* from the *Bulk actions* menu above the table or click the {kebab} in the table row to snooze a single CVE.
```
